Please. chefs. I need communication.
- Where we at?
- Ten. Twenty. Thirty.
- Dragging hard.
- Gotta pivot.
- Hands.
- Carm.
Fuck.
Hands. please.
I'm ready to walk these three bananas.
- Hold. We got backed up. Chef.
- How long?
-A minute.
-All right.
Tina. scratch three more bananas.
- Hands. please.
- Enough. enough. enough.
- Hands! Hands over here!
- God.
- Guys. how are we doing on the Wagyu?
- Table 13.
We are getting killed.
- How are we doing on Wagyu?
- Is someone gonna answer that?
Nat. Nat. what's my count?
- Chefs. I need an answer.
- Five all day. Chef. Five.
- We need six on Wag. Six.
- Yeah? Five? Six? Six.
T. we're down six Wagyu and also
a Parm brick. Can I get hands. please?
Thanks. Chef.
Okay. guys.
please. can we watch our volume?
I-I-I realize that
I'm also yelling right now.
- Chef!
- But quieter.
- Chef.
- Thank you.
Chef. table 35.
-What? What is this?
-It's table 35.
Uh. for what?
-Jess. are you aware of this?
-No. Chef.
-A surprise from Richie.
-What?
We weren't aware of this.
You have to go through us.
Richie asked for it.
Okay. but we didn't know.
so you have to tell us.
-Okay.
-Dude.
I understand. Yes. okay.
- T. we're down another Wagyu.
- Wagyu.
-Oh. shit. No.
-Yes.
Luca. can you please
come over and help Nat?
-Yes. Chef.
-Thank you.
Thank you. Luca.
These gotta walk soon.
Chef. just so you're aware.
I'm gonna start pouring a little less
because people are hanging out over there.
- and I need those tables.
- Great. I love that. Thank you.
I need three tables.
like. five minutes ago!
Volume. volume. volume. volume.
Yo. we gotta go. Sprint mode. sprint mode…
-Yeah. okay. Volume down.
-Yeah. yeah. I got you. Okay.
-Uh. where are we at?
-Nowhere close to being caught up. Chef.
-Great. Good.
-And the 6:30s are gonna be late too.
- I'm not gonna pull any punches.
- Perfect.
It's getting spicy out there.
We're good. though. We're good.
- Yo. cousin. what's up with the Wagyu?
- Almost there.
Hey. volume down. And the verbals… can't.
You gotta go through us. We need to know.
-I'm just trying to hurry. Sydney.
-Okay. I appreciate it.
-I'm also trying to hurry.
-I'm behind. all right?
-I don't know what to tell you.
-Dude. all of us are behind.
I'm leading this kitchen.
I need your help.
-I don't wanna get into an ego thing.
-It's not an ego thing.
Dude. I'm sorry that I spoke over you.
Please don't speak over me. Dude.
Okay. Is this fighting?
Is this nice? What are we--
I think this is organization.
Communication.
Okay. Heard. heard. Chef. I'm sorry.
Uh. seven is dragging.
-Seven is dragging. Chef.
-Seven is Wagyu.
We will do our best to be better
at Wagyu for you. okay?
-Thank you.
-I'm sorry.
-Homey. Thank you. Chef.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
All right. Fuck me.
Okay. Are you guys good?
You got Burgundy. right?
You guys good. good. good?
Everyone's all right here?
Oh. yes. Thank you.
Okay. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me.
Fuck me.
-How are we doing. Garrett?
-Hey. good.
I was talking to these lovely guests.
And I'm so appreciative of your time.
It's gonna be a little bit longer.
- I'm so appreciative of it.
- Yes. yes. tremendous.
Dr. Cahill. we are gonna get you seated
for this special anniversary dinner
very. very soon.
How'd you… How'd know our name?
Well. tell me
the secret to 25 years of marriage.
and I'll tell you my secrets.
-Just bear with us one more second.
-Okay.
-Yo. Garrett.
-Yes.
-What the fuck is up with the rain?
-They said three or four more--
-Minutes? Inches? Okay. all right.
-Minutes. minutes. minutes.
Hey. hey. well.
what are we gonna do about this?
We're gonna create a table.
-How? Tell me how. How? How?
-Magic. baby. Magic. Magic.
-Yo. Neil.
-I am getting dusted right now.
-and I'm so behind.
-You're great. You're perfect.
Go downstairs.
get the card table. bring it upstairs.
-Go.
-What? Where?
Card table downstairs.
Make it happen upstairs.
-Go. Go.
-Chef.
-Wrong way. Okay.
-Fuck me. Fuck me.
Oh! Mr. D. how are you guys doing?
You psyched for this new course coming up?
-Yeah. I think so. I mean…
-Yeah.
-…we've been waiting for a little bit.
-No. I'm aware. That's my fault.
I apologize.
Uh. but I think you're gonna be psyched.
They're making genius… you know.
something pretty special for you tonight.
-Really? What are you making?
-All right. well. I can't tell.
-But just stick around. You'll find out.
-Special?
How's that Aligoté. hmm? Banger.
Anything and everything. We gotta walk.
- and we gotta walk fast.
- Yes. Chef!
Yo. table 35's been waiting
fifteen minutes for six.
-Please. bump it. I'm begging you.
-Richie…
Yeah. okay. You heard him.
Thank you. You're great.
-Also. we need a surprise.
-You're killing me.
Two bites. Come on. Two bites. Surprise.
- Carm. uh. two bites. Dealer's choice.
- Chef.
-Yes! I love this shit.
-Get down.
- Chef Marcus.
- Yo.
-Tuile. do you have any?
-Uh. maybe. What you need?
Uh. let me think. two bites.
Uh. Noma Journal.
Napa Journal. uh. page 70.
- Got you. Yo. Chef T.
- Yes.
What kind of fish we got left?
Uh. smoked salmon
from yesterday's family.
-We accept.
-Okay. Chef.
What's happening?
What's happening? I see you.
I always see you. What are you doing? Why?
I'll explain later. I swear to God.
Guys. listen up. huddle up.
Okay. Garrett. Richie.
and Chuckie are all in position.
They're waiting for my signal.
Okay. we're gonna move
very quickly on this one.
I move through the door. you stay close.
I tap my shoulder. you drop it.
-Understood?
-Chef.
- Let's go.
- Oh. boy.
Got you. got you.
Slowly. Wait a little while.
Behind you.
Check this out.
All right.
you just come around this way here.
Here we go.
Best seat in the house. There you are.
Okay. Now Gary's gonna be right over.
He's gonna get you started on some drinks.
In the meantime.
thank you so much for your patience.
Really appreciate you guys. Salut.
- Thank you.
- All right. Good.
Okay. Okay.
Two minutes. chefs.
- Rene. we good?
- We're good. Chef.
- Walking 10. 20. 30.
- Napkin. please.
T. can you come out
and help over here. please?
- Rene. I need fresh setups.
- Yeah. I'm on it.
-Carm. you need hands?
-I got it. I got it.
-Chef.
-Goddamn. cousin.
-This is a play on the French--
-Oh. no. no. no. I know what it is.
Okay. Hands.
Let's go!
Okay. friends and famiglia.
you guys. I'm so sorry about the wait.
I think… I hope it's gonna be worthwhile.
This right here. this is a nod
to the homey in Napa. the GOAT. TK.
This is a salmon coronet
finished with dill.
You eat it in one bite.
It's like a savory ice cream.
Also. keeping on the QT here.
you guys are the only ones
enjoying this tonight. okay?
Mangia. baby.
Thank you.
All right. I got one table down.
I still need two.
-What are we calling the new table?
-Twenty-two.
-Then what are we calling table 22?
-Twenty-two and a half.
-You didn't cancel anyone. did you?
-Gary.
-Please.
-Heard.
- Not the best time. Jimmy.
- I'm meeting Mr. Thomas in the office.
- Who? Okay. sure.
- Hey. Uncle J.
So weird. They were right here.
-How many?
-Five. Five spoons.
-And now they're just. like. gone.
-Okay.
We have a half hour to clear the tables
for the 7:00 reservations.
Yeah. I'm aware.
I-I mean. I can make portions
even smaller than they are already.
- Yeah. okay.
- You need anything. Chef?
Oh. uh… Yes. please.
-the garbage. it's kind of…
-Oh. yeah. It's disgusting. yeah.
- Chef.
- Thank you.
Hands. please.
- You okay out here?
- Oh. hey.
Yeah. You know. I love garbage. so yeah.
And. uh. Richie told me. uh.
to come tell him when it stops raining.
so I got that going for me
which is nice. so.
Cool.
- Hands.
- So what's the vibe?
- What vibe?
- You know. the vibe.
- Richie.
-Oh. um… I… What do you mean?
-Okay.
Was there. like. a vibe?
'Cause. like. sometimes.
like. there is a vibe.
but. like. I don't know
if it actually is a vibe.
Is that gonna be. like. a thing?
- Yeah. I just…
- Can I get hands. please?
-I am focused on the 7:00 p.m.s coming in.
-No. you're not.
I just. uh. went to Crazy Mary's house
with Unc and Chuckie
and somebody named Cheese.
-For what?
-Air rights.
Ah.
-Bet you came up empty.
-Correct.
Unc's out of money. Nat.
I know.
I'm not ready to say goodbye.
I mean. there's time.
Here we go. Don't be shy.
This is where it all happens.
Say hi everybody.
-Hi.
These are my buddies.
the Mitchells. from Ohio.
- Hello.
- Exceptional. Indelible.
- Aw.
-A-A little emotional.
-Oh. Jesus Christ. Allan.
-Chef.
-Thank you. It was fantastic.
Yeah. they flew in for the night
and they just could not leave their table.
so I just thought I would. you know.
show them how the sausage gets made.
-I see.
-Yeah. well. welcome.
Thank you so much
for joining us. Mitchells.
That's amazing that you're here.
-Um. Carmen…
-Chef.
…i-i-is gonna show you around.
if you don't mind.
-What?
-Just talk to them. Show them some things.
Yeah. no.
'cause that's a skill that I have.
It is. And. uh…
-Carmen…
-Yep.
…Berzatto. you might
be familiar with that name.
is a chef. worldwide.
-in some very famous restaurants.
-Oh. yeah.
And he's gonna tell you
about our little world.
Yeah. welcome to our little world. Um…
Let's see here. this is.
um. Paths to Success.
You guys can read that
quietly and to yourselves.
-Green tape. Keller.
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
When was the last time
we had this much quiet?
Oh. God. Years.
- Years.
- Yeah.
You look cute in that shirt.
-Oh. really? Do I? Yeah?
-Yeah.
You know. it's a. uh…
it's a collector's item. so.
-Yeah. I-I know. Yeah.
-Yeah. yeah.
You look cute in your. uh…
what is this. a garbage bag?
Yeah?
I am selling my brother's watch.
I have become a bitch.
Unbelievable.
You've gotten a little bit soft.
It's okay.
Yeah. well.
there's nothing wrong with being soft.
It's actually a lot harder
than being hard.
No. No. it isn't.
Why are you still here?
Yeah. that's a good question.
She's working off
a bad trade tip she gave me.
But you've seen Spanglish?
Sandler makes that sandwich.
Keller actually showed him how to do it.
I didn't see that one.
I'm sure I would love that one.
Jim Brooks. No. it's so. so. so good.
Yeah. it-it's Spanglish.
It's just like this.
-Hi. How are you? Good. good.
-Hey. Good. same. You good?
-I'm good. yeah. I'm fine.
-Okay.
-I was helping Pete with the-the trash.
-I know. I asked you to do that.
Yeah. Good.
-I should get back to my station.
-Oh. my God.
Fire cavatelli. 22 and a half.
- Chef.
- Twenty-two and a half?
Wait. 22 and a half?
I'm fucked. I'm fucked.
I'm fucked. I'm fucked. I'm fucked.
You know. actually. though.
if we flip this one last table.
-we're gonna be back on track here.
-No. dude. dude. dude. dude.
The 7:00s are arriving in 20 minutes.
This is bad. okay?
-We have to physically remove someone.
-Homey. we are good.
- I love you. bro. I love you. We're good.
- Dude. dude.
All right. you sexy motherfuckers.
we're gonna get you seated soon.
I'd just like to keep the good looking
people in the window…
-I'm not dining.
-…a little eye candy.
Yes. sir. How can I help you?
I'm Thomas. I'm not dining.
I'm just here to see James.
Kalinowski? What about?
He's selling me a watch.
Oh. Mr. Thomas. yes. Fuck. I'm so sorry.
That's my bad.
I was supposed to call you.
James. he got stuck on the Kennedy.
He asked me to reach out to you
and set up a new appointment.
I am so sorry.
-This was a long ride.
-I know. I know.
That's my bad.
and I will make that up to you.
-All good. all good. Have him call me.
-A million apologies. sir.
You know what? Actually. uh. Chef Luca
has spent a lot of time in Copenhagen.
-Chef Luca.
-Chef.
Uh. these are the Mitchells.
I was just telling them about. uh.
how much time you spent in Copenhagen.
In Copen-- Yes. Yes. I've been--
I've lived in Copenhagen.
Behind. behind.
-Oh. yeah.
-Yo.
-Twenty-two and a half?
-Oh. yeah. I know.
Dude. how many did you cancel?
None.
-Why?
-Um…
I used to be a people-hater.
and now I'm a people-lover.
-Um…
-Sydney. I'm sorry. I couldn't say no.
You disobeyed a direct order. a decision.
I know. I'm sorry. I fucked up.
But I've spent
the last 15 years right here.
and I'm telling you there is magic
in this building. okay?
In this building.
I have seen people love and laugh
and live and cry and die. and there
are metaphysical concepts at play here.
I find this so disrespectful.
-Sydney. it's raining outside.
-I'm aware.
That is a cleansing. That is a renewal.
We are beginning a new history right now…
…and everything that has ever happened in
this room is informing this very moment.
And all the people in this room and all
the people that have been here before us
and all the people coming after us
-and all the history…
-Please be quiet.
…and all that love…
they're not gonna let us fail.
Where we at?
Uh… Yeah. chefs. fire 11.
fire 33. fire 45.
Fire 21. fire 22 and a half.
- Chef.
- Thank you.
I'm gonna beat your ass.
-Heard.
-No.
Not. um. metaphorically.
Physically. genuinely.
Heard. We got two more tables
and we're in the clear.
I swear.
Cousin.
Where we gonna put 'em?
All right. everybody. let's give
a big Bear welcome to Annette and Paul.
They're here from Schaumburg.
These guys got the best seat
in the house tonight.
Do you know. uh. Val and Allan Mitchell?
-No.
-Hi.
Val. Paul. Annette. Val. Allan.
- Nice to meet you. Paul. Allan.
- Yes. Okay.
And this is Chef.
Knows everything about Copenhagen.
and kind of drives the scene there.
-Luca.
-Yeah.
Uh. I'm with guests right now. Chef.
Wow. Copenhagen? Well. that's great.
It's incredible.
And the food has been fantastic.
And then this is Paths to Success here.
Hmm.
-Yo. this is bad. man.
-What happened?
7:00s are here early.
Now we gotta flip 15 damn tables.
Fuck. They're just gonna have to wait.
I think we gotta
send some people home.
No. nobody gets sent home.
-Nobody gets fucking sent home. Rene.
-Then what's the move?
Hey. Richie. Remember how you wanted me
to tell you when it stopped raining?
-Yeah.
-Guess what?
-I love you. Pete.
-Dude. I love you too.
-Fuck off.
-Fuck off!
-Garrett.
You go outside. you take Chi-Chi
and Chuckie. you dry off that patio.
you make it nice and you make it warm.
Get one of those empty garbage cans.
you fill it up with ice.
you put all that free beer inside the ice.
You take all those people on the line
outside. you throw them a fucking party.
No fucking coke. I mean it.
Ted's gonna help you.
Rene. you reserve the patio tables
for 32. 33 and 21.
You invite 'em outside for a party
for a special dessert course.
Gary. I need you to ask Marcus
I don't care
if it's a fucking Snickers in a bowl.
We turn these tables fast. and nobody.
nobody feels the rush.
I like this plan. man.
We gotta speed up the food.
We got. like. five tables coming.
big families.
-Maximize?
-Maximize.
Uncle J. where you at?
J-Dawg?
Spoon thief!
I'm not a spoon thief. I'm just Cheese.
-I'm a representative of justice.
-What kind of justice?
Cutlery. Spoon.
Um. no. I wouldn't have stole your spoon.
I have a ton of spoons at home.
What's your fucking deal. dude?
Were you just waiting there
for a spoon thief to--
Why are you holding my prospectus?
This is your prospectus?
- I have an idea.
- Go.
Courses four and five. family style.
I gotta need some people out of here.
- Good. Go.
- Okay.
- Yo. Richie.
- Yo.
-My 7:30's all good. right?
-I got you. baby.
Fuck. Fuck!
- What do we got laying around?
- We got batteries.
- Magnets.
- Two joints in the glove box.
-I got a big fucking speaker.
-Pencils.
-I got pretzels.
-I got a porcelain doll.
-I got three boxes of Advil.
-I got Roman candles. I got loose pills.
- I have cocaine.
- No cocaine.
-Why no cocaine?
-Remember what happened last time?
-I do remember what happened.
-We're not doing that.
-All right. I got three piñatas.
-Stuffed or not stuffed?
-I don't know.
-I think they're stuffed.
-Is it fucking stuffed or not stuffed?
-What do we break 'em with?
-I have a fucking bat in my car.
-We got bats.
-I have a thousand bags of chips.
- That's actually helpful.
- It is.
- Chef. where we at?
- Carm?
Chef.
-Chef.
-What the fuck do you care?
-Excuse me?
-I've been getting fucking worked all day.
and you left me fucking hanging.
Hold on. I don't appreciate
how you're talking to me right now.
I don't like the way
you've been slacking off.
-Half-assing it 'cause you're leaving…
-Slacking off?
-…and I know it.
-I'm tournant.
I've been moving
between two fucking stations.
What the fuck has gotten into your head?
- Hands.
- Are you fucked? Bro.
I'm fuck… I'm not fucked.
I'm working hard. How about you?
-You're talking to me about hard work?
-How about you?
- All right. Okay. All right.
- Whoa.
Stop. Yo. stop.
Keep your hands off me!
-They can hear you out there.
-Hey. hey. hey!
Guys. stop!
Shut up! Shut up!
Yeah. So run your fucking ass
back to Copenhagen!
-Gladly!
-Outside. yeah?
I fucking ran away to get away from shit
like this so I didn't become Carmy!
-I was trying to fucking help you.
-Hey! Shh. Everybody. volume down.
T? Help me clean this up. please?
You got it. Chef.
This is not funny.
Chef. sorry. It was my bad.
-It's fine. Are you good?
-Yeah.
Good? You all right? Get back to work.
-Sorry. Chef.
-Okay. Get your head back in the game.
Let's go.
Somebody swing on someone's ass?
Just forget it.
Lock in and drive service. Let's go.
It's all good.
Hands. please. Thank you.
I'm on walkies. Stay close.
Ugh.
Look. I know
I shouldn't have done that to you. I know.
You didn't do it to me.
You did it to everybody
in there and yourself.
We don't have time for this today. Marcus.
I'm sorry.
The secretary of the Dead Moms Club
cannot act this way.
I know I shouldn't have
invited my dad tonight.
But…
I did. because. I don't know.
I got this award.
I got it because of you
and everyone in this restaurant.
And if this place goes away.
I don't know. I don't have anything.
I don't know how I will get to tomorrow
if I have to do it on my own.
Okay. first of all.
you did not get that award because of us.
You got it because you are talented
and creative and so hardworking.
And second. yeah.
you didn't have to invite your dad.
You didn't have to do anything.
but of course you did.
You are a person.
I did it
because I couldn't invite my mom.
Listen. nobody's dream
was working in this place. okay?
There are a million different restaurants
in a million places
at least 2% less of a shit show
than this place.
I mean.
the walls are literally falling apart.
There are grown men falling through them.
But we're here together.
This building is not the foundation.
It's us.
And I promise you…
we will be here tomorrow.
I will see you tomorrow.
Heard.
And for what it's worth…
I think your mom would be
incredibly proud of you.
You wanna go back to your station for me?
Chef.
Fuck.
Table 30. one guest 7:30.
-No. dude. we can't.
-We can.
Guest of Marcus's. 7:30.
Lock that shit down.
Take the two top from 5:45.
Send them out for dessert.
- What?
- Get 'em a car.
Send them to Margie's. Ask for Peter.
Order the jumbo turtle split.
- We pay.
- What money?
-We have no money.
-Put it on my card.
Dude. I'll split it with you.
-Chef.
Hustle.
Yo. you okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'm good. Yeah.
I thought I heard a scream.
No?
Yeah. I needed to let that out.
like. five hours ago. but…
It's good. I've… I'm good.
-Okay. You sure?
-Yeah.
Stretching everything as far as it can go.
The halves are being cut in half.
which are being cut into even more halves.
We're running on empty.
but it is. uh. good. Sorry. I. um…
It's not stress. I just…
No. it's frustration.
-Sucks.
-Yeah.
And it's. like.
frustrating to feel this frustrated. Like…
I don't like it.
I don't want to be this way.
I don't think
you have to worry about that.
You don't have to. like.
try to make me feel better.
Okay.
You heard me for real though?
Like. do you think
other people heard me scream?
-Yeah. I think they heard you in Michigan.
-Good.
Good.
I try to scream alone.
Yeah. that's the thing. I. um…
I would have chosen to scream at everyone.
We're different.
See you in there.
Yo.
Sorry.
I'm sorry too. man.
No. No. that was all me.
You've been catching strays all day.
I acted crazy.
No. the whole shit was crazy.
-The whole shit was crazy.
-Yeah.
-And Tina is strong.
-Strong as fuck.
Also. I. uh…
I lied to you. man.
Denver Airport during a layover.
That's when I had my first McGriddle.
Now you really gotta get
the fuck off my station.
Bring it in. Bring it in.
-It's time.
-Starman's next.
Okay.
-Okay. and we gotta get out there.
-Yeah. we're dialed.
-Last run. you guys.
-Lot more turns.
A lot less food.
Just keep going.
We have any ideas?
One.